# CS1051FinalProject
I am overall happy with how my project turned out. I did not realize how low resolution my video looked, so it may be hard to see the DPS numbers, but my DPS tracking addon clocked in my character's DPS to be 1.6k in all three trials I ran with him, which is exactly what my program predicts. The raidbots simulator's numbers tend to be high. I have had character's who lead entire raids in DPS and raidbots overestimates thekm. I had a lot of issues pinpointing what could be causing bugs in my code since I had so much code to look through. The algorithm is more or less the same for each run when testing for the stat weights, but there are still minor differences in each, it was worrying knowing one small thing could be messing up the whole program, but thankfully I was always able to correct the errors. I had wanted to have my sim select a best in slot, but I was running low on time and I had done some reading saying how you can't really calculate a best in slot due to stat weights being volatile. I instead added a gear comparison, which is honestly a lot more useful for me because I can compare my character's stats and DPS based on adding a piece of armor to my set. The actual algorithm to calculate the damage took me a lot longer than I had thought. There are a lot of conditions that you can be in during a spell rotation, especially with elemental shaman. It was cool building what is basically an invisible World of Warcraft. I do not think my algorithm is perfect, in fact I know some places it could be improved, such as covenant spells and enchants, but I was low on time and my character does not have any of those yey so I decided against it, it could be added in easily though. I was also afraid to touch the algorithm once I had it finished. My sim was actually much more accurate than the raidbots sim which is the standard sim for WoW characters. I was very surprised by that. My character did 1.6k DPS in each trial, and that is what my sim generates. My weights also seem to be accurate as well. It would have been nice to create something like this for every class and spec, but that would take a very, very long time. Overall I am happy with my results and I am very surprised that I beat the raidbots sim.

The worst part was honestly waiting until the last second to make the video and having adobe crash twice causing the project to be late
